PREVIOUSLY ON THE L WORD...
I ONLY DATED MEN
BEFORE I MET YOU.
WHO IS IT?
HIS NAME IS JOSH.
SHE DIDN'T GO AFTER ME.
I WENT AFTER HER.
THE ONE THING I KNOW
IS HOW I FEEL.
ARE YOU DOING HORMONES?
NOT YET.
I CAN HOOK YOU UP.
COULD I-- CAN I TALK TO YOU?
OF COURSE.
IT'S NEVER
GOING TO HAPPEN AGAIN.
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT.
WE WANT TO PUBLISH YOUR BOOK.
HOW MUCH OF THE CONTENT
WOULD I HAVE TO CHANGE?
NOT ALL THAT MUCH.
I'M GIVING YOU ONE OF OUR
MOST GIFTED EDITORS.
ARE YOU JEALOUS?
IT JUST MADE ME SAD.
YOU WERE SO
FUCKING SAD
THAT YOU GO OFF
AND YOU FUCK CHERIE JAFFE?
SHANE, WHAT KIND OF
A PSYCHOTIC RESPONSE IS THAT?
WOULD YOU MIND...
DISPOSING
OF THIS OBSOLETE THING?
YOU THREW DANA OUT?
ALICE, DANA IS SICK.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN HERE, BABY GIRL?
[***]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[MOANS]
[SONG ENDS]
[***]
* GIRLS IN TIGHT DRESSES
WHO DRAG WITH MUSTACHES *
* CHICKS DRIVING FAST
INGENUES WITH LONG LASHES *
* WOMEN WHO LONG, LOVE, LUST
WOMEN WHO GIVE *
* THIS IS THE WAY
IT'S THE WAY THAT WE LIVE *
* TALKING, LAUGHING
LOVING, BREATHING *
* FIGHTING, FUCKING
CRYING, DRINKING *
* WRITING, WINNING
LOSING, CHEATING *
* KISSING, THINKING, DREAMING
* THIS IS THE WAY...
* IT'S THE WAY
THAT WE LIVE *
* IT'S THE WAY THAT WE LIVE
* AND LOVE *
[RUMBLING ENGINE APPROACHES]
HOW DOES THAT FEEL?
[GRUNTS]
IT'S BETTER
THAN THE FIRST TIME.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT KIND OF TURNS ME ON
THAT I'M HELPING YOU
BECOME MORE OF A MAN.
YOU ARE.
DO YOU THINK
I FUCKED THINGS UP
BY GIVING YOU YOUR DOSE...
A COUPLE DAYS EARLY?
NO.
NO?
BILLIE SAID IT WOULD
BE JUST FINE.
OH, YEAH?
AND DO YOU TRUST
EVERYTHING THAT BILLIE
SAYS TO YOU, MAX?
LOOK, YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO WANTED TO SHOOT ME UP
BEFORE YOU WENT
TO NEW YORK.
YEAH, BECAUSE I GAVE YOU
YOUR FIRST DOSE,
AND I'M GOING TO--
JUST GAVE YOU
YOUR SECOND DOSE,
AND I WANT TO GIVE YOU
ALL OF YOUR DOSES,
BECAUSE I'M EXCITED
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE DOING.
IT'S WHAT I'M DOING.
I'M THE ONE
WHO'S DOING THIS, JENNY.
I KNOW THAT YOU ARE,
AND WE'RE GOING
TO DO IT TOGETHER.
[MONITOR BEEPING]
MY NAME IS CONNIE,
AND I'LL BE TAKING CARE OF YOU
DURING YOUR TREATMENT.
OKAY...
OH, IT'S REALLY COLD.
IT'S REALLY COLD.
IS THAT RIGHT?
I DON'T THINK IT'S RIGHT.
IT DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT.
IT'S GOING
TO FEEL THAT WAY
FOR A FEW MINUTES,
DANA, OKAY?
YOUR BODY SHOULD ADJUST
TO THE TEMPERATURE,
AND THE BAG WILL GET WARMER,
BUT YOU MIGHT FEEL A BIT COLD
AS THE FLUIDS
ARE RUNNING THROUGH YOUR BODY
FOR THE DURATION
OF THE TREATMENT, OKAY?
THERE ARE BLANKETS OVER HERE.
I'LL GRAB YOU ONE.
SEE IF WE CAN FIND...
THERE YOU GO.
THAT'LL KEEP YOU WARM
FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
IF EITHER OF YOU
HAS ANY QUESTIONS
OR CONCERNS, OKAY,
JUST TALK TO ME, OKAY?
THANK YOU, CONNIE.
SO, DANA,
JUST SIT BACK,
TRY TO RELAX.
IT'S GOING TO TAKE
ABOUT THREE HOURS
ALL TOLD.
OKAY?
OKAY.
OH, AND WE DO
HAVE iPODS
WITH LOTS OF TOTO,
SURVIVOR, WHITESNAKE,
YOU KNOW...
JUST IF YOU WANT
TO FEEL WORSE.
HOW DOES IT FEEL NOW?
HOW THE FUCK
DO YOU THINK
IT FEELS, LARA?
HOW DO YOU THINK IT FEELS
TO GET EVERYTHING
UNDER THE KITCHEN SINK
PUMPED INTO YOUR VEINS?
MY SKIN'S FUCKING CRAWLING.
WHERE THE HELL
DID MY LIFE GO?
BABY, YOUR LIFE IS RIGHT HERE.
I'M HERE,
YOUR FRIENDS ARE HERE,
YOUR FAMILY, YOUR FANS--
MY FANS?
MY FANS!
HAVE YOU BEEN TO MY WEBSITE?
HAVE YOU SEEN
WHAT THEY'RE
WRITING ABOUT ME?
THAT ONE MORON
EVEN WROTE
THAT I'M FAKING HAVING CANCER.
"SHE'S FAKING IT."
BECAUSE I FINALLY
WON A TOURNAMENT,
I'M ACTUALLY JUST RETIRING--
DANA, I'VE TOLD YOU
A MILLION TIMES
NOT TO READ
THAT CRAP.
I'VE SAID IT BEFORE,
AND I'M GOING TO KEEP SAYING IT
UNTIL YOU GET IT.
I AM HERE.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
WHY?
WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE?
HEY, IT'S LOOKING GOOD,
I THINK.
YEAH?
YEAH. HOW DOES IT FEEL?
[BUZZING]
UM, IT FEELS GOOD.
YOU'RE DONE, CARMEN.
NEXT VICTIM.
OH, GOD. THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
LET ME SEE.
CAN YOU SEE IT?
I DO. I LIKE IT.
YEAH?
YEAH, I DO.
WELL, GOOD,
BECAUSE IT'S ON FOR LIFE.
LOOK AT YOU TWO.
ANOTHER COUPLE OF DYKES
WITH MATCHING TATS.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW
WHAT, THOUGH?
AT LEAST WE DIDN'T
GET OUR NAMES TATTOOED.
THAT WOULD BE
THE ULTIMATE K.O.D.,
WOULDN'T IT?
K.O.D.?
KISS OF DEATH.
THANK YOU.
WELCOME TO
BRITISH COLUMBIA!
WHAT?
I SAID,
WELCOME TO B.C.!
I WAS JUST SAYING WELCOME.
WELL, IT GOT
MY ATTENTION.
TAKE ME
TO YOUR LEADER.
YOU ARE THE LEADER,
REMEMBER?
[GIGGLES]
AH, IT'S GORGEOUS.
SO DOWNTOWN VANCOUVER
IS RIGHT HERE.
WE'RE DOING
OUR INTERIORS IN YALETOWN,
AND OF COURSE
THE FINAL CHASE SCENE
WILL SHOOT
ON VANCOUVER ISLAND.
HOW'S THE CREW?
THEY'RE CANADIAN.
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS
THEY WORK HARD,
THEY DRINK HARD,
AND THEY ALL HAVE THEIR OWN
PERSONAL GRIZZLY BEAR STORIES,
AND WE JUST BROKE
FOR LUNCH,
SO IT'S PRETTY
QUIET HERE.
ARE YOU HUNGRY?
OH, GOD, NO, NO.
I'M STILL
TRYING TO GET
MY PRE-PREGNANT
BODY BACK.
YOU LOOK GOOD TO ME.
THAT'S
THE SCIENTOLOGY TENT.
WHAT?
I'M KIDDING.
THAT'S CRAFT SERVICES.
THAT'S THE EXTRAS
HOLDING TENT.
THAT'S BASE CAMP,
WHERE EVERYONE'S
TRAILER IS.
HOW'S G.J. DOING?
BESIDES
THE TINY CRANK HABIT
AND THE 15-YEAR-OLD BOYS
HE HAS
TEACHING HIM
TO SNOWBOARD?
AND LESLIE?
WE HAD TO CALL IN
A BODY DOUBLE YESTERDAY
TO SHOOT THE SEX SCENE.
WHAT? WHY?
BRUISES ON HER ASS.
OH, GOD.
IS ANYTHING
GOING RIGHT?
YOU SURPRISED ME
WITH A VISIT.
BRUISES ON HER ASS?
YEAH.
WOW. THAT WAS
REALLY INCREDIBLE.
REALLY.
I JUST LOVE
LISTENING TO YOU,
AND YOUR STUDENTS
LOVE LISTENING TO YOU.
YOU'RE A REALLY
INCREDIBLE TEACHER.
"GO AND CATCH
A FALLING STAR
"GET WITH CHILD
A MANDRAKE ROOT
"TELL ME WHERE
ALL PAST YEARS ARE
"OR WHO CLEFT
THE DEVIL'S FOOT
TEACH ME TO HEAR
MERMAIDS SINGING"
THAT'S BEAUTIFUL.
THIS IS MY FAVOURITE
CHURCH IN L.A.
OH, YEAH,
I'M NOT GOING IN THERE.
ONE EMBRACE DOESN'T MAKE YOU
A VAMPIRE, ALICE.
NO, IT'S-- I AGREE
WITH THE VAMPIRES.
IT'S NOT THAT.
IT'S JUST THAT AS FAR
AS I'M CONCERNED, GOD SUCKS.
GOD SUCKS?
THAT'S PRETTY
ATHEISTICALLY DARK.
YEAH, MY...
MY EX--
AND MY BEST FRIEND, DANA,
SHE'S UM...
SHE'S 32 FUCKING YEARS OLD,
AND SHE HAS BREAST CANCER,
AND TODAY SHE WAS
GOING IN FOR CHEMO,
AND I JUST
WOULD'VE--
I WANTED TO BE THERE, SO...
YOU'RE STILL IN LOVE WITH HER.
NO.
I...
SINCE I MET YOU--
AND I'M NOT
TELLING YOU THIS
TO FREAK YOU OUT
OR ANYTHING--
IT'S JUST...
I KIND OF HAD THIS, UH...
SHRINE.
SHE'S A PRO
TENNIS PLAYER,
AND SHE HAD
A LITTLE-- OR BIG
LIFE-SIZE CUTOUT
OF HERSELF,
AND I...
YOU KNOW.
WELL, WE ALL HAVE
DIFFERENT RITUALS
TO EXORCISE HEARTBREAK.
YOU HAVEN'T
COMPLETED YOURS, ALICE.
NO, I DID, I DID.
YOU KNOW, I THREW IT AWAY
LAST WEEK
SINCE YOU RELEASED ME
FROM MY MORTAL COILS.
YOU THREW IT AWAY?
YEAH, I DID,
AND IT WAS A REALLY--
IT WAS A BIG DEAL FOR ME.
GET HER BACK, ALICE.
I THREW IT AWAY. IT'S GONE.
THE GARBAGE MEN,
THEY TOOK IT AWAY THIS MORNING.
IT'S GONE.
YOU ENDOWED MOJO
INTO THIS LIFE-SIZE VOODOO DOLL.
YOU DON'T JUST THROW IT AWAY.
YOU HAVE TO PROPERLY RELEASE IT
AND LET HER GO.
I DO?
CALL ME
WHEN YOU'VE TAKEN CARE
OF DANA.
YOU MIGHT FEEL
A LITTLE NAUSEOUS
LATER ON TONIGHT
AND FOR THE NEXT
FEW DAYS, DANA.
SO I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU
A PRESCRIPTION FOR ZOFRAN.
TAKE ONE IN ABOUT
EIGHT HOURS
IF YOU NEED IT,
AND ONE TABLET
TWICE A DAY
FOR THE NEXT
TWO DAYS.
ARE THERE ANY
SPECIAL FOODS
THAT I SHOULD BE--
AM I GOING TO DIE?
YOU ARE YOUNG,
AND YOU HAVE TAKEN
EXCELLENT CARE OF YOURSELF.
YOU HAVE A VERY GOOD CHANCE
OF SURVIVING
AND LIVING A FULL
AND PRODUCTIVE LIFE,
AND WE'RE GOING TO DO
EVERYTHING IN OUR POWER
TO IMPROVE
THOSE CHANCES.
NOW, SINCE CHEMO
HAS THE EFFECT
OF BREAKING DOWN
THE IMMUNE SYSTEM,
YOU HAVE TO BE MINDFUL
ABOUT INFECTION.
SO WASH YOUR HANDS OFTEN,
KEEP YOUR HOT FOOD HOT,
COLD FOOD COLD,
AND AVOID
ANY SITUATION
WHERE YOU CAN CUT YOURSELF,
AND UNLESS YOU'VE HAD
ALL THE CHILDHOOD DISEASES,
CHICKEN POX,
GERMAN MEASLES, MUMPS,
TRY TO AVOID
ANY CHILDREN
WHO MIGHT HAVE BEEN
EXPOSED TO THEM.
IT'S ALL PRETTY
COMMON-SENSE STUFF.
ANY QUESTIONS?
WHEN AM I GOING
TO LOSE MY HAIR?
ANYTHING YOU NEED,
WE'VE GOT IT.
OKAY, WELL,
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
PUT EVERYTHING,
YOU KNOW,
NEAR THE STAGE.
THEY'LL GET IT
ALL TOGETHER
FOR SOUND-CHECK
TOMORROW, OKAY?
DID YOU WANT A PICK-UP
FOR TOMORROW NIGHT?
YEAH. YEAH,
LATE TOMORROW NIGHT,
AFTER THE SHOW,
ABOUT 2:00 A.M.
IT SPEAKS.
THAT'S MR. "IT" TO YOU,
SUPERFLYSTRESS.
LOOK AT YOU.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU SLEPT?
DON'T GIVE ME
ANY SHIT, KIT.
I HAD TO JACK OFF
TWICE TODAY
JUST TO GET
MY HEART STARTED,
AND ANYWAY,
I DON'T SLEEP.
I'VE FMS.
FMS?
WHAT IS FMS?
IS THAT FAG MUNCHAUSEN
SYNDROME OR SOMETHING?
NO, FEAR OF
MISSING SOMETHING.
GIVE ME A HAND UP.
OH, JESUS.
WELL, I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU GOT.
ALL I WANT YOU TO DO
IS GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER
BY TOMORROW NIGHT,
BECAUSE I DON'T WANT
ANY FUCK-UPS WITH THE B-52's--
DO NOT GIVE ME
ANY ATTITUDE ABOUT THIS.
I'M THE ONE
WHO BROUGHT THEM HERE.
I KNOW...
I KNOW.
I KNOW YOU BOOKED THEM.
I KNOW
YOU'RE THE BEST OF FRIENDS,
HOMEY HOMES,
WAY BACK IN THE DAY.
I KNOW THIS.
I KNOW ALL OF THIS--
WELL, THEN, YOU
SHOULD ALSO KNOW
THAT ALL YOU NEED TO DO
IS KEEPING THE BOOZE FLOWING
AND KEEP YOUR OWN VICES
UNDER CONTROL.
I MEAN,
I DON'T LET MINE GET IN THE WAY
OF MAKING YOUR
BUSINESS FLOURISH.
I DIDN'T HAVE TO BOTTOM OUT
TO GET MY LIFE TOGETHER.
AND YOU'RE BOTH
GOING TO LOVE IT.
IT'S WHERE WE MAKE FILMS.
THE PLACE IS FULL OF SURPRISES.
THERE'S LOTS OF LORRIES
ON THE LOT,
AND THERE'S SHIPS,
AND YOU'RE BOTH
GOING TO SEE EVERYTHING
WHEN YOU NEXT
COME DOWN TO VISIT.
[KNOCKING]
MUMMY, CAN YOU TAKE ME
TO SEE THE COSTUMES?
COME IN!
OF COURSE, PUMPKIN,
I'LL TAKE YOU
TO THE WARDROBE DEPARTMENT.
DID MAMA TELL YOU
ABOUT DAMMA TETE'S
PARTY FOR US?
YES, WINNIE TOLD ME
ALL ABOUT THAT.
OH, MY GOD, ARE THOSE
YOUR CHILDREN?
YEAH.
SWEETHEARTS,
CAN YOU BOTH JUST
SAY HI TO DYLAN?
HI, DYLAN!
HI, YOU TWO.
I CAN'T WAIT
TO MEET YOU.
SWEETHEARTS, MUMMY'S
GOING TO HAVE TO GO NOW.
I'M SORRY.
BUT I'LL SPEAK TO YOU
TOMORROW, OKAY?
BIG BIG KISS
TO YOU.
BYE, MUMMY!
I LOVE YOU!
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
BYE!
BYE.
MY GOD, THAT IS SO GREAT
THAT YOU CAN SEE THEM
WHEN YOU TALK TO THEM LIKE THAT.
YEAH.
I TALK TO THEM
EVERY DAY.
UM, I WAS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
AND I THOUGHT
I WOULD BRING YOU SOMETHING.
THANK YOU.
I'M GLAD YOU CAME BY.
CADBURY'S FLAKE...
AND BRANSTON PICKLE.
TWO OF MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITES.
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
THANK YOU.
HOW GOES EDITING?
YOU HAVEN'T
CALLED ME.
YOU KNOW, DYLAN,
I MADE A PROMISE TO MYSELF
TO STOP SLEEPING
WITH MARRIED PEOPLE.
DANNY'S MY BOYFRIEND.
WE'RE NOT MARRIED.
WE LIVE TOGETHER.
YEAH, BUT IN LESBIANWORLD,
THAT IS MARRIED.
I'VE WANTED TO CALL YOU,
BUT THIS IS A REALLY
DIFFICULT SITUATION FOR ME.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE WITH SOMEONE ELSE,
AND YOU'RE STRAIGHT.
AT LEAST,
THAT'S WHAT YOU TOLD ME.
I AM STRAIGHT.
BUT, DYLAN,
THIS IS A NO-WIN ON MY PART.
WHAT STARTS IN CHAOS
ENDS IN CHAOS.
I LIKE YOU...
A LOT.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN, DYLAN?
I DON'T WANT
TO BE THE LIE
YOU TELL
TO SOMEONE.
WELL, WHAT DO
YOU WANT?
YOU KNOW
WHAT I WANT,
BUT I DON'T
WANT IT HALFWAY,
AND I DON'T WANT IT
AT SOMEONE
ELSE'S EXPENSE.
WE SHOULD JUST
BE FRIENDS.
CAN WE TRY THAT?
HEY, ALICE?
ALICE, WAKE UP.
COME ON.
[SPLASHING]
COME ON, WAKE UP.
COME ON.
ALICE...
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I THINK
THEY'RE REALLY DISCREET.
YOU DO?
YEAH.
I HAD MY FIRST
GIRLFRIEND'S NAME
TATTOOED
ON MY ANKLE.
I HAD IT REMOVED.
OH, WHY DIDN'T YOU PUT
SOMETHING ELSE ON IT, HUH?
BRONWYN?
[LAUGHS]
HELLO, EVERYBODY.
HEY, JENNY.
HELLO.
HI, MISS.
OH, HOW ARE YOU?
I'M VERY GOOD.
HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
I PICKED THESE
FROM THE GARDEN...
FOR YOU.
THANK YOU.
THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL.
HEY, I THOUGHT
YOU WERE OUT OF HERE.
I'M TAKING THE REDEYE
TO NEW YORK TONIGHT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'M GOING
TO BE MEETING
WITH MY BOOK EDITOR.
WELL, THAT'S EXCITING.
IS MOIRA GOING
WITH YOU?
NO, SHE HAS TO WORK
AT THE PLANET TONIGHT
WITH BILLIE.
RIGHT. WE HAD TO CLOSE TONIGHT
SO WE COULD, YOU KNOW,
RIG FOR TOMORROW.
THAT'S RIGHT, THE B-52's
ARE GOING TO BE THERE.
THAT IS HUGE.
KIT, HOW DID
YOU GET THEM?
MY SEX-AND-DRUG-CRAZED MANAGER,
HE LANDED THEM.
HAPPY FIRST
CHEMO, BABY.
HEY...
OH, MY GOSH, WOW.
LOOK.
HEY...
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
OH, MY GOD, THAT'S
A BEAUTIFUL CAKE.
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF
A CHEMO CAKE BEFORE.
WELL, YOUR GIRL
MADE IT FOR YOU.
YEAH.
IT'S RED VELVET, BABY,
YOUR FAVORITE.
YOU KNOW, I'M A LITTLE
NAUSEOUS RIGHT NOW, ACTUALLY.
I DON'T THINK
I CAN HAVE ANY, OKAY?
IT'S RED VELVET, BABY--
LOOK, I'M FUCKING SICK, LARA.
OKAY? JUST TAKE IT AWAY.
MAYBE LATER.
I WANT SOME.
I WOULD
LOVE A PIECE.
IS THAT WEDDING CAKE?
NO, IT'S NOT
WEDDING CAKE.
YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS
BECAUSE MY GIRLFRIEND AND I
ARE TWO GOLD STARS
THAT HAVE FOUND EACH OTHER.
WHAT'S A GOLD STAR?
OH, IT'S SOMEBODY
WHO'S GAY
WHO'S NEVER HAD SEX
WITH A PERSON
OF THE OPPOSITE SEX.
YEAH, PEOPLE WHO BUMP
UGLIES WITH UGLIES.
CAN I BE A GOLD STAR
EVEN THOUGH
I'VE SLEPT WITH MEN?
JEN, YOU'RE THE JEWISH STAR.
AW...
YES, AND I AM
A LATINA GOLD STAR,
COVERED IN SEQUINS.
SO HOW MANY GOLD STARS
DO WE HAVE HERE?
[GASPING]
[JENNY]: HELENA,
YOU'RE A GOLD STAR?
WELL, SORT OF.
I MEAN,
THE ENGLISH PUBLIC SCHOOL BOYS
THAT I SHAGGED
AS A TEENAGER,
THEY WERE JUST EXPERIMENTS,
AND THEY WERE SO EFFEMINATE,
THEY DON'T REALLY COUNT.
HELENA,
THAT DOES NOT COUNT.
I THINK YOU MIGHT BE
A SPOILED STAR.
OH, REALLY.
[SPLASHING]
YOU KNOW, MY MAMA'S
FROM TEXAS,
AND SHE ALWAYS
CALLED HERSELF A LONE STAR
BECAUSE MY DADDY'S THE ONLY MAN
SHE EVER SLEPT WITH.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YEAH.
I CAN'T IMAGINE THAT.
I CAN. IT SOUNDS NICE.
TINA'S MOM
IS A LONE STAR, TOO.
WHERE IS TINA?
BABE, SHE ALREADY TOLD US.
TINA'S IN VANCOUVER.
"SHE ALREADY TOLD US."
WELL, I FORGOT, OKAY?
WHAT ARE YOU,
MY MEMORY MONITOR NOW?
I'M SORRY.
LOOK, I'M GOING TO GO LIE DOWN,
IF THAT'S OKAY.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO COME WITH YOU?
NO.
HEY, MAX.
HEY.
YOU'RE GETTING MUSCLES.
YEAH.
I THINK I'M ALREADY STARTING
TO BULK UP.
MM-HMM.
HEY, WON'T YOU GET
IN TROUBLE FOR THAT?
MM-MM.
BIG SISTER'S
OVER AT THE CHEMO CLAM-BAKE.
I THINK IT'S REALLY HARSH
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO DANA,
BILLIE,
AND IT MUST REALLY BE HARD
FOR LARA, TOO.
YEAH, IT'S ROUGH.
MY LOVER WAS SICK
FOR THREE YEARS
BEFORE I LOST HIM.
I THOUGHT I WAS
GOING TO DIE
RIGHT ALONG
WITH HIM, BUT...
I DIDN'T.
THEY LEAVE YOU BEHIND TO DEAL,
AND...
YOU DEAL.
WELL, HOW LONG
WERE YOU TWO TOGETHER?
12 YEARS.
EVERY NOW AND THEN,
I CAN STILL FEEL HIS BREATH
ON ME.
I'VE NEVER HAD ANYONE I LOVE
DIE.
NO?
YOU WILL, HANDSOME.
YOU WILL.
YOU'RE A REALLY
COOL GUY, BILLIE.
YOU'VE REALLY
HELPED ME OUT A LOT.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
ALL RIGHT, I GUESS.
MAYBE A LITTLE EDGY.
HAVE YOU STARTED FUCKING
LIKE A RABBIT YET?
IT KICKS IN
ABOUT NOW.
THE HARD-ON
THAT'LL NEVER GO DOWN.
ALL YOU CAN THINK ABOUT
IS GETTING OFF.
YEAH.
IT'S PRETTY INTENSE.
KISS ME AGAIN.
I LIKE GETTING KISSED
WHEN I'M GETTING FUCKED.
WHOA...
I SWEAR TO GOD.
HE USES
A PENIS ENLARGER.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
I SAW IT
IN HIS TRAILER. YEAH.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
OH, MY GOD,
THAT IS CRAZY.
I CAN'T WAIT TILL THAT
HITS THE TABLOIDS.
THAT'S JUICY.
I MIGHT HAVE TO
LEAK IT MYSELF.
OKAY, SO WHERE WE ARE
WITH LESLIE IS...
UM, WE'RE THINKING
OF CALLING IN
THE BODY DOUBLE AGAIN
FOR SCENE 29A
OR JUST CUTTING
THE SCENE ENTIRELY.
IT'S JUST GRATUITOUS SEX
ANYWAY.
I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH GRATUITOUS SEX.
I LIKE A WOMAN
WHO GETS
RIGHT TO THE POINT.
PEEKABOO!
HEY...
[ARIA PLAYING]
REMEMBER THIS ARIA?
OH, YOU MEAN OUR THIRD DATE,
WHEN YOU FINGER-FUCKED ME
AT THE OPERA
BEFORE TELLING ME
YOU DIDN'T THINK
WE WERE RIGHT FOR EACH OTHER?
OH, AND THAT YOU HAD
JUST MET A STRAIGHT GIRL
THAT YOU THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
FALL IN LOVE WITH?
NO, I DON'T REMEMBER A THING.
HEY.
HEY, ANGUS?
COULD YOU WATCH ANGELICA
JUST FOR A MINUTE?
[ANGUS]: HELLO!
HELLO, ANGELICA.
* A-E-I-O-U, U
I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO DEAL WITH THIS, ALICE.
THIS ANGER IN HER,
IT'S NOTHING THAT I'VE EVER
SEEN IN HER BEFORE.
[SOFTLY]: WELL, SHE'S
NEVER HAD CANCER BEFORE.
I MEAN, WHO KNOWS
HOW TO DEAL WITH THAT?
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I JUST...
I FEEL LIKE EVERYTHING
I DO OR SAY IS WRONG,
AND SHE JUST--
SHE KEEPS
PUSHING ME AWAY.
I MEAN, OBVIOUSLY
I'M NOT HELPING HER.
LARA...
DANA NEEDS YOU.
SHE NEEDS YOU, ALICE.
YOU'RE STRONG.
I JUST-- I FEEL LOST.
I FEEL TOTALLY LOST.
DANA'S LOST, TOO...
AND I NEED
TO FIND HER.
I FEEL LIKE I'M FLOATING
OUTSIDE OF MY BODY,
AND I'M WATCHING MYSELF
DO THESE THINGS,
AND I CAN'T STOP MYSELF.
I CAN'T CHANGE
ANYTHING.
YEAH, I FELT LIKE THAT
WHEN MY DAD DIED,
LIKE IT WASN'T MY LIFE
OR SOMETHING.
YEAH.
I KNOW.
I JUST CAN'T RELAX.
I CAN'T SLEEP.
I CAN'T LISTEN.
I LOVE LARA,
AND I CAN'T STAND HER,
AND I'M TERRIFIED
TO BE ALONE.
YOU KNOW, DANA,
OBVIOUSLY, I'VE NEVER BEEN
IN YOUR POSITION,
BUT I DO KNOW
THAT THE ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT REALLY HELPED ME
WERE THESE
RELAXATION EXERCISES
I DID WITH MY THERAPIST.
DO YOU WANT
TO TRY?
YES.
LIE DOWN.
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
TUNE OUT ALL THE SOUND
AROUND YOU.
THEN LET IT GO.
AND AS YOU INHALE,
FEEL YOUR BODY
BECOMING...
HEAVY AND GROUNDED.
YOUR ARMS
GROW HEAVY AND RELAXED
INTO THE BED.
AS YOU EXHALE,
LET EVERYTHING GO.
JUST LET IT FLOAT AWAY,
LIKE A RIVER,
FLOATING AWAY,
AND YOU'RE SAFE,
AND YOU'RE
FLOATING AWAY
TO ANOTHER PLACE,
AND I WANT YOU
TO PICTURE YOURSELF
IN THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PLACE
THAT YOU CAN IMAGINE.
[***]
ARE YOU THERE?
I'M THERE.
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S SO ALIVE.
IT'S...
SO PEACEFUL.
I'M WHOLE...
AND I JUST WANT TO STAY HERE.
WILL YOU STAY WITH ME?
YEAH.
[MOANING SOFTLY]
[GIGGLING]
I HAVE WANTED YOU
SINCE THE MOMENT I SAW YOU.
YOU KNOW, I NEVER THOUGHT
THAT YOU WERE QUEER.
SHH, SHH. DON'T SPEAK.
YOU ARE WAY TOO HOT FOR THAT.
YOU'RE SO NOT A LESBIAN.
GODDAMMIT, JOSH,
ARE YOU REALLY
THAT CLUELESS?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHO I AM
OR HOW I FEEL.
I KNOW THAT YOU DIDN'T FEEL
LIKE A LESBIAN JUST NOW.
GOD...
THIS WAS GOING TO BE
SO EASY FOR YOU.
I WAS SO READY
TO JUMP INTO BED WITH YOU.
NOW IT TURNS OUT
YOU'RE AN IGNORANT ASS.
GOD, WHY COULDN'T YOU
JUST SHUT UP AND FUCK ME?
WHY MAKE IT IMPOSSIBLE FOR ME
TO DO SOMETHING...
THAT I WANTED TO DO?
YOU ARE ONE FUCKED-UP WOMAN,
TINA.
YEAH, WELL, I'M STILL
YOUR FUCKED-UP BOSS.
SO WHAT NOW?
NOTHING.
YOU STAY HERE.
I GO BACK TO MY HOTEL.
TOMORROW WE'LL MEET.
WE'LL WORK
ON THE PRODUCTION BUDGETS.
THIS IS YOUR WORLD, TINA.
I JUST WORK IN IT.
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
[SNIFFING]
I DON'T KNOW,
THERE'S SOMETHING
ABOUT WHITE BOYS
THAT'S JUST
DIFFERENT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT IS.
I DON'T KNOW,
I'LL NEVER KNOW, BUT--
HEY, KITTEN.
MANGUS.
BILLIE, WHAT THE FUCK
ARE YOU DOING?
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T CARE
IF YOU FUCK UP
YOUR OWN LIFE,
BUT YOU WILL NOT
FUCK UP MY BUSINESS.
THIS BUSINESS
IS MY LIFE.
THE DOOR, BILLIE,
WAS UNLOCKED.
THE POLICE
COULD'VE COME IN.
CALM DOWN, KIT.
NO, DON'T TELL ME
TO CALM DOWN!
BILLIE, YOU...
YOU ARE THE MOST
IRRESPONSIBLE FUCK
I HAVE EVER MET
IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
YOU ARE A SAD
AND SELFISH MESS,
AND I DON'T CARE
HOW MANY PEOPLE YOU KNOW,
AND HOW MANY PEOPLE
YOU BRING INTO THE CLUB,
I AM NOT GOING TO HAVE IT.
I AM NOT GOING TO HAVE
THIS SHIT.
I AM TALKING TO YOU, BILLIE!
LISTEN TO ME!
I THINK IT'S TIME FOR ME TO GO.
GOOD MORNING.
FUCK, FUCK...
AH, NO.
BABY, WHAT'S
GOING ON?
NO, THIS FEELS GOOD.
YEAH?
YEAH.
OKAY, HOLD ON.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT?
DON'T...
YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
WHAT'S WRONG?
I DON'T KNOW, I JUST...
I'M SORRY, I'M JUST...
WHAT?
I'M SORRY,
I'M JUST...
I'M DISTRACTED.
WHY ARE YOU DISTRACTED?
IT'S NOT YOU.
I'M SORRY.
[SIGHS]
DANA!
[GASPS]
[SOBBING]
OH, HEY.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S NOT OKAY.
COME ON,
I'LL MAKE YOU SOME BREAKFAST.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST
LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE?
YOU'RE NOT MY FUCKING NURSE.
YOU'RE NOT MY MOTHER.
YOU'RE NOT ANYTHING--
NO, DANA, AND I'M NOT YOUR
FUCKING PUNCHING BAG EITHER.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE...
MAYBE IT WOULD JUST BE
BETTER FOR YOU
IF I WENT AWAY
FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO THEN,
HUH?
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO?
GO TO PARIS.
TAKE THAT
CHEF'S COURSE
YOU'VE BEEN
TALKING ABOUT.
I MEAN, JUST BECAUSE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S DYING--
YOU'RE NOT DYING, DANA--
YOU DON'T FUCKING KNOW THAT!
HOW THE FUCK DO YOU KNOW THAT?
YOU'RE NOT GOD!
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I HAVE TRIED
TO BE THERE FOR YOU.
I HAVE TRIED TO DO
EVERYTHING I CAN.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I WANT YOU TO GO!
GO TAKE--
I DON'T WANT TO GO ANYWHERE
WITHOUT YOU, OKAY?
I LOVE YOU, DANA.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO LEAVE.
[SOBBING]
JUST GO.
PLEASE GO.
LEAVE!
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
[***]
EXCUSE ME!
HI!
OKAY, I'VE GOT IT. THANKS.
DANA FAIRBANKS.
SHE'S GOT
LONG BROWN HAIR.
HAVE YOU SEEN HER?
THE LESBIAN TENNIS PLAYER?
YEAH.
SHE DOESN'T WORK HERE, HONEY.
WELL, NO SHIT. I...
I KNOW SHE DOESN'T WORK HERE.
SORRY.
I THREW HER OUT.
COME AGAIN?
IT'S A LIFE-SIZE
CARDBOARD CUTOUT.
I THREW HER OUT.
DID YOU PUT IT IN A BLUE BIN
OR A BLACK BIN?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST PUT HER OUT BY THE TRASH.
WELL, SHE CAN BE
IN ONE OF TWO PLACES.
IF YOU PUT HER IN THE BLUE BIN,
SHE'S BEING RECYCLED
AT THE ALLAN COMPANY.
OKAY.
AND IF YOU PUT HER
IN THE BLACK BIN,
YOU'RE NEVER GOING TO FIND HER.
WHY? WHERE WILL SHE BE?
SHE'LL BE
AT THE PUENTE HILLS LANDFILL
IN WHITTIER.
WHITTIER. FUCK...
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
[CELLPHONE RINGS]
[ALICE]: HEY, DANA.
NO, I'M IN WHITTIER.
WHAT?
UH, IT'S GOING TO BE ALL RIGHT.
UH, I'M KIND OF--
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE. JUST--
CHILL OUT. I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
HEY, MOIRA?
HEY. WHAT'S UP?
GOT SOMETHING
TO ASK YOU.
YEAH, WHAT IS THIS?
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH JENNY?
YOU GUYS, JENNY'S FINE.
IT'S MINE.
IT'S TESTOSTERONE.
I'VE STARTED A PROGRAM OF IT.
WHAT KIND
OF A PROGRAM?
YOU KNOW...
I MEAN, I'VE ALWAYS FELT
REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE
IN THIS BODY.
SO I'VE DECIDED TO TRANSITION.
I'M CHANGING...MYSELF
FROM FEMALE TO MALE.
DOES JENNY KNOW?
YEAH.
SHE'S HELPING ME.
HOW IS SHE
HELPING YOU?
SHE'S BEEN SHOOTING ME UP
WITH IT.
WOW. SO...
YOU'RE REALLY
GOING TO GO THROUGH
THE BREAST...
TOP SURGERY.
TOP SURGERY?
YEAH.
WHEN I CAN AFFORD IT, I AM.
YOU KNOW?
[SLAPPING]
THAT'S STRONG.
[JENNY]: HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD.
EVERYONE
IS EXCITED
ABOUT
THE SOME OF HER PARTS.
OH, COOL. AWESOME.
I'M REALLY EXCITED.
I'M KIND OF NERVOUS
AND JUST--
EXCEPT ME.
OKAY.
WE HAVE A LOT
OF WORK TO DO.
OKAY, GREAT.
OH, I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT
LINE EDITS, JENNY.
IT'S DEEPER THAN THAT.
AS YOUR EDITOR,
I HAVE A BASIC PROBLEM
WITH THE JOURNEY OF THE BOOK.
MM-HMM.
OR RATHER, THE LACK OF ONE.
UM, BUT IT'S--
BUT IT'S WHAT HAPPENED TO ME,
SO I DON'T KNOW WHAT I COULD DO
TO CHANGE THAT--
LET ME EXPLAIN,
IF I MIGHT.
OF COURSE.
OKAY, "EACH MOMENT
THE BLADE PENETRATED MY SKIN,
"I FORGOT WHAT IT WAS LIKE
TO BE ON MY FACE IN THE DIRT.
"EVERY DROP OF BLOOD
WAS A REMINDER
"THAT I STILL BELONGED
TO THE EARTH,
"THAT I WAS
FLESH AND BLOOD,
"THAT THOSE BOYS WEREN'T
EVERYTHING IN MY BODY.
"CUTTING MYSELF, HURTING MYSELF
"FREED ME FROM THE HURT
THEY INFLICTED.
I WAS THE ONE DOING THE DAMAGE,
NOT THEM."
I DON'T SEE
WHAT'S WRONG WITH THAT.
YOU STILL VIEW YOURSELF
AS A VICTIM.
JENNY, YOU'RE REPEATING
THE SAME SCENE OVER AND OVER.
IT FEELS COMPULSIVE.
I WAS A VICTIM
WHEN THAT HAPPENED TO ME.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I CAN'T SAY THAT.
JENNY, JENNY,
YOU'RE AN EXCELLENT WRITER.
THANK YOU.
EXCELLENT.
BUT THAT
WORRIES ME MORE,
BECAUSE I THINK
YOUNG GIRLS WILL READ THIS,
AND THEY'LL THINK CUTTING
IS A VIABLE RESPONSE TO TRAUMA.
I WOULD NEVER SUGGEST
THAT ANYBODY DOES THAT
TO THEMSELVES,
BUT, FOR ME,
IN THAT MOMENT, AT THAT TIME,
IT MADE ME FEEL
LIKE I WAS ALIVE,
AND IT MADE ME FEEL LIKE
I HAD SOME CONTROL OVER MY LIFE,
AND IN THAT MOMENT,
THAT WAS EMPOWERING.
IT'S BULLSHIT, JENNY--
IT'S NOT BULLSHIT,
BECAUSE IT'S WHAT I DID.
YOU CAN'T TELL ME--
I'M SORRY. I'M SORRY,
BUT YOU CAN'T TELL ME
WHAT'S BULLSHIT FOR MY BODY.
I'M NOT GOING TO PUBLISH A BOOK
WHERE I TELL YOUNG WOMEN
THAT SELF-INFLICTED
VIOLENCE
IS GOING TO FREE THEM
FROM THE VIOLENCE
THEY ENDURED AT THE HANDS
OF OTHER PEOPLE.
I'M NOT GOING TO DO THAT.
I'M NOT ASKING YOU TO DO THAT.
JENNY, WHAT'S
MISSING IN THE BOOK
IS YOUR STRENGTH,
YOUR RESOLVE,
YOUR HEIGHTENED AWARENESS.
I'VE SURVIVED.
YES, AND I'M INTERESTED
IN HOW YOU THRIVE,
NOT JUST SURVIVED.
I'M HERE.
JENNY, IT'S REALLY HARD
TO GIVE UP BEING A VICTIM.
I DON'T LIKE THAT WORD.
IT'S SAFE,
IT'S COZY,
IT'S FAMILIAR.
I'M INTERESTED
IN THE OTHER PLACE,
WHEN YOU GET OUT OF YOUR PAIN,
OUT OF YOUR SELF,
AND YOU WERE ABLE
TO CONNECT
WITH A LARGER WORLD--
LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
WHY ARE YOU WORKING ON MY BOOK?
WHY?
YOU GUYS ASKED ME
TO CHANGE IT
FROM BEING FICTION
TO BEING A MEMOIR,
AND THAT PUT ME
IN A PRETTY VULNERABLE POSITION,
AND SUDDENLY,
I'M TOO PASSIVE FOR YOU?
I'M A VICTIM?
I'M NOT TRANSFORMED ENOUGH?
SO YOU KNOW
WHAT I THINK?
I THINK...
I DON'T KNOW.
MAY I TAKE...
THANK YOU.
I THINK
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY...
GO FIND YOURSELF
ANOTHER HERO.
FUCK YOU.
AND THAT WAS IT.
SHE SAID SHE WAS GOING TO PARIS
FOR THIS CLASS,
AND THAT...
SHE COULDN'T HANDLE IT ANYMORE,
AND THAT WAS IT.
SHE JUST LEFT ME.
I CAN'T FUCKING BELIEVE
I CAN.
WHAT THE FUCK
IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
IT MEANS
YOU'VE BEEN A TOTAL MONSTER,
AND I KNOW HOW MUCH
LARA LOVES YOU,
AND YOU JUST PUSHED HER TOO FAR.
I'M SICK, AL,
AND SHE FUCKING ABANDONED ME.
NO, YOU'VE BEEN
SHOWING HER THE DOOR
WITH THIS SELF-PITYING
BULLSHIT.
FUCK YOU, AL.
NO, YOU KNOW WHAT, DANA?
NOT FUCK ME. YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO GET A GRIP,
OR YOU'RE NOT GOING TO HAVE
ANYONE LEFT TO CALL.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
BECAUSE I'M YOUR FRIEND,
AND I'M NOT GOING TO LET YOU
TREAT ME LIKE SHIT, TOO.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE SURROUNDED BY LOVE,
AND YOU HAVE
FUCKING INSURANCE,
AND YOU HAVE A FAMILY,
AND FRIENDS, AND...
A HOME.
YOU'RE YOUNG.
AND YOU SHOULD BE
OUT OF BED.
I'M SICK, AL.
I KNOW. YOU...
YOU HAVE CANCER.
BUT YOU'RE NAUSEOUS
FROM THE MEDICINE.
YOU'RE NOT BEDRIDDEN.
YOU KNOW
WHAT I THINK?
I THINK YOU SHOULD
COME OUT WITH ME TONIGHT.
I DON'T THINK THE B-52's
SHOULD MISS YOU.
I LIKE THE B-52's.
YEAH.
I CAN'T, AL.
SOMEBODY'S GOING
TO BUMP INTO ME,
AND MY BANDAGES AREN'T EVEN
OFF YET, YOU KNOW?
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
I'LL CALL KIT,
AND I'LL HAVE HER
ROPE OFF
A LITTLE SPECIAL
SECTION FOR US.
OKAY?
AND GUESS WHAT?
WHAT?
I'M GOING TO
TAKE CARE OF YOU,
AND I'LL MAKE SURE
THAT YOU'RE SAFE.
I PROMISE.
HI.
NEVE IS OUR FINEST
AND MOST RESPECTED
EDITOR.
[JENNY]:
SHE HATES MY BOOK.
HOW COULD I HATE YOUR BOOK,
JENNY?
IT'S MY STORY, MY DARLING.
I'M THE GIRL IN YOUR BOOK.
IT'S WHY I PUT
THE TWO OF YOU TOGETHER.
BUT IT'S MY STORY.
IT'S NOT HERS.
I'M JUST ASKING YOU
TO COME AT IT
FROM A POSITION OF STRENGTH.
AND I HAVE COME AT IT
FROM ALL THE STRENGTH
THAT I HAVE.
THAT'S HONEST.
IF THAT'S
WHO JENNY IS,
THEN THAT'S HOW
SHE HAS TO COME AT IT.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'M NOT THE RIGHT PERSON
TO EDIT JENNY'S STORY.
I UNDERSTAND IT,
BUT I CAN'T PROMOTE IT.
BLESS YOU, MY DARLING.
THANK YOU.
[***]
[EXCITED CONVERSATIONS, SQUEALS
FROM CROWD]
YEAH, SO ALICE SAID
IT GOT UGLY.
WHAT?
CAN I GET A DEWAR'S
ON THE ROCKS
WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE?
THANKS.
LARA LEFT DANA,
AND SHE SAID
THAT SHE COULDN'T TAKE
THE PRESSURE ANYMORE.
YEAH, AND DANA
KICKED LARA OUT,
AND WE SHOULDN'T BE
TALKING ABOUT IT
IN FRONT OF DANA
BECAUSE SHE'S REALLY
UPSET ABOUT IT,
OBVIOUSLY.
I'M SURE LARA
WILL COME BACK.
HEY, KIT!
HEY...
HI!
DRINKS
ARE ON THE HOUSE.
AW...
HEY, GUYS. HEY.
HOW'S IT GOING?
OH, IT'S GOING GREAT.
COME ON, I'LL BLOCK
INTERFERENCE FOR YOU.
YEAH, YEAH. COME ON. OKAY.
GOTCHA.
OKAY.
EXCUSE ME.
WATCH IT,
WATCH IT.
EXCUSE ME.
IT'S PACKED IN HERE, KIT.
YEAH. I'M SOLD OUT
FOR DAYS.
DANA!
DANA...
HI!
I'M SO GLAD
TO SEE YOU.
ME TOO.
CHAIR CREW COMING THROUGH.
THANK YOU.
LOOK OUT, GUYS.
I'M THE BOOBY GUARD.
OH, GOOD ONE.
NICE.
HEY, DID YOU GUYS SEE
MOIRA'S ARMS?
THEY'RE LIKE,
YOU KNOW...
THEY'RE LIKE MAN ARMS, KIND OF.
THEY'RE CUTE,
BUT THEY'RE GETTING BIG.
SHE'S PRACTICALLY A MAN, ALICE.
THAT'S A LITTLE HARSHY McHARSH,
THERE, SHANE.
NO, I'M NOT
BEING HARSH.
I SWEAR TO GOD,
IT'S BEING HONEST.
HMM?
WHAT ARE YOU BEING HONEST ABOUT?
HEY, SHANE,
I DON'T GET
WHAT'S YOUR BIG
PROBLEM WITH MOIRA.
WELL, SHE JUST
DOESN'T, LIKE,
TRUST WHAT SHE'S DOING.
WHAT'S SHE DOING?
I MEAN,
BESIDES LIVING OFF JENNY?
HEY, WHERE'S TINA?
IS SHE COMING?
OH, SHE'S UP
IN CANADA
ON A FILM LOCATION.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[***]
YEAH, JOSH IS A LITTLE
OVER-AMBITIOUS.
WE HAD TO SEND
TINA UP THERE
JUST TO REIN
HIM IN A BIT.
JOSH?
IT'S JOSH'S MOVIE?
YEAH, I MEAN,
HE'S A GREAT PRODUCER.
WE JUST HAD TO SEND TINA THERE
SO--
THAT'S GREAT.
SO SHE WENT UP TO CANADA
TO BE WITH FUCKING JOSH BECKER?
WHO'S FUCKING
JOSH BECKER?
TINA.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...
BILLIE BLAIKIE AND THE PLANET
PROUDLY PRESENT
THE B-52's!
[CROWD ROARS]
[***]
[PERFORMING "PUMP"]
SHE'S HAVING
A SEX CHANGE, AL.
YEAH, MOIRA'S
BECOMING A MAN.
ARE YOU GUYS
FUCKING KIDDING ME?
MM-MM.
FOR REAL?
DOES JENNY KNOW?
SHE'S HELPING HER.
HO...
DANA...
SHANE JUST TOLD ME
THAT MOIRA'S GETTING
A SEX CHANGE.
WAIT.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU KNOW
THE ARTICLE I WROTE
ABOUT GENDER
REASSIGNMENT SURGERY?
OH, MY GOD,
I LOVED THAT ARTICLE.
IT WAS ALL ABOUT
WOMEN WHO BECOME MEN,
AND THEY
TAKE HORMONES
AND TESTOSTERONE,
AND, LIKE, THEY CUT OFF
ALL THEIR HAIR
AND THEY CUT
THEIR TITS, AND...
I'M GONNA GO.
NO...
NO, I GOTTA GO.
DANA,
I'M SO SORRY.
SHIT.
SHANE...
WHY DID YOU HAVE
TO SAY THAT!
IT CAME OUT.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO.
FUCK! OH, GOD...
DANA!
DANA, WAIT. YOU'RE GOING
TO HURT YOURSELF.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY, HOW...
JUST LEAVE ME ALONE, ALICE.
I NEED TO BE ALONE.
I'LL JUST
TAKE YOU HOME.
ALICE, JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!
YOU'RE NOT ALONE!
FUCK...
[***]